[[communication]], [[relationships]], [[kindness]], [[happiness]], [[love]], [[self improvement]], [[disappointment]]

This is in the context of a relationship. Someone once said that 50-50 doesn't work as well as 75-25 or 90-10 because doing 50-50 might be the bare minimum. When nice things aren't done from time to time, there isn't really an indication that you truly care for the other person by doing something out of your way. In those moments, you or the other person is communicating that they care and the relationship is more solidified.

This is why we get flowers for people when the other person doesn't expect It. This is why when you join a company they might give you a free t-shirt or treat you to something. This is why when your friend brings you food one day you're like wow, I love this person. The reason is because at one point in time they showed that they care and did something with you in mind. If everyone stays on the same playing field at all times, the relationship isn't necessarily improved. There is no deeper sense of care or connection. You may start to drift apart. You may begin to question whether this person cares about you or not and begin distancing yourself. It doesn't even need to be something out of the way. Sometimes, talking about each other's emotions or just a deeper topic may show that you are putting more effort in than just the 50% you both agreed on. 

Typically, 50-50 leads to disappointment between both parties because the relationship doesn't take the next step and maybe you both care for each other or maybe even the other person cares for the other more but that's the thing: there is no communication that the other person cares more to go out of the way to do something and this leads to a fallout. We only want people who care about us to be around us more. Otherwise, we get disappointed. 